Docs 7181 update secrets manager edit (#47)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-security: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/anypoint-security-policies-prereqs.adoc

> 

Reviewer: HERE

To configure and use the security policies, you must:

> * Have the Anypoint Security - Edge entitlement for your Anypoint Platform account. If you don't see *Security* in *Management Center*, contact your customer success manager to enable Anypoint Security for your account.

Reviewer: Per style ref., limit list items to one sentence or fragment. GLOBAL
```suggestion
* Have the Anypoint Security - Edge entitlement for your Anypoint Platform account. 
If you don't see *Security* in *Management Center*, contact your customer success manager to enable Anypoint Security for your account.
```

* Have Runtime Fabric with inbound traffic configured. +
Anypoint Runtime Fabric is a container service that automates the deployment and orchestration of Mule apps and API gateways. +
See xref:runtime-fabric::index.adoc[the Runtime Fabric documentation]. +

> Runtime Fabric requires an Anypoint Platform Platinum or above subscription.

Reviewer: "Platinum or above"? If there are not too many "above," consider listing. Otherwise, this is my best effort:
```suggestion
Runtime Fabric requires an Anypoint Platform Platinum or higher-level subscription.
```
